SOURCE: The Hunter Athenian (Student Newspaper) — Dining Guide
URL: https://brie.hunter.cuny.edu/hunterathenian/2023/05/food-for-thought-places-where-hunter-college-students-should-eat-near-campus/
PUBLISHED: May 3, 2023 | AUTHOR: Lucas Nguyen

--- ARTICLE ---

Stuck at Hunter during a long gap between your classes and feeling hungry? Lucky for you, the Upper East Side is home to more delicious, surprisingly affordable eateries than you think. Many of the options are easily accessible to Hunter College students by just a short walk away from campus. From iced lattes to crispy spring rolls, support local eateries and treat yourself to some yummy treats. Five Hunter students share their favorite food spots near campus and their go-to orders.

TERRY AND YAKI
Address: 159 E 68th St, New York, NY 10065 (between 3rd and Lexington)
Student review: "Terry and Yaki is my favorite place for comfort food, and I love to treat myself after a day of studying." — Cathy C., Junior, Sociology
Go-to order: Chicken Teriyaki Bowl with extra Chipotle Mayo and an order of Sweet Potato Fries
Description: Terry and Yaki consistently holds its spot as one of the most beloved food spots near Hunter's main campus. The food truck describes itself as a "Halal Asian Kitchen" and specializes in preparing freshly made teriyaki bowls. Whether you're in the mood for a classic chicken teriyaki bowl or something meatless, like their vegan tofu or spicy eggplant bowls, you will find something that will fulfill your cravings. Getting your bowl during peak hours might take a little longer, but the wait is worth it.

BLANK STREET COFFEE
Address: 1284 3rd Ave, New York, NY 10021 (between 71st and 72nd street)
Student review: "Blank Street is the perfect place to go when you're in the mood for coffee but want to go somewhere other than Dunkin' or Starbucks." — Grace L., Senior, Political Science
Go-to order: Iced Latte with Oat Milk and Breakfast Tacos
Description: Blank Street Coffee is a top-notch coffee shop that should be on every Hunter student's list of places to visit. They source their coffee from sustainable and ethical suppliers and roast their beans on-site to ensure maximum freshness and flavor. If coffee is not your thing, you also have the option to purchase matcha and hot chocolate. Blank Street Coffee also serves a variety of delicious pastries, breakfast items, and sandwiches. Whether you're in the mood for a sweet treat or a savory snack, they've got you covered.

TWO WHEELS
Address: 1382 2nd Ave, New York, NY 10021 (between 71st and 72nd street)
Discount: 15% discount with Hunter Student ID when mentioning Hunter VSA
Student review: "I first heard of this place through Hunter VSA's Instagram and it has been my favorite place to get Vietnamese food near campus since." — Paul C., Junior, Emerging Media
Go-to order: Signature Banh Mi and Vietnamese Iced Coffee
Description: Just a six-minute walk from Hunter, you could be feasting on crispy spring rolls and a tasty bowl of pho. Two Wheels offers Vietnamese cuisine in an aesthetically pleasing setting filled with flourishing plants and friendly staff. Two Wheels stands out from other Vietnamese restaurants with its parmesan truffle fries that pair well with its Thai iced tea and selection of fruit smoothies. Last year, Two Wheels partnered with the Vietnamese Student Association (VSA) at Hunter to provide all its students with a discount.

HUNTER DELICATESSEN
Address: 966 Lexington Ave #1, New York, NY 10021 (between 70th and 71st street)
Discount: 10% discount with Hunter Student ID
Student review: "I'm always busy with a ton of pre-med courses so I find myself going to Hunter Delicatessen a lot for an affordable sandwich with a generous portion." — Samantha C., Sophomore, Biology
Go-to order: Cheddar Chicken Cutlet Sandwich
Description: If you're looking for a delicious and affordable meal option on the Upper East Side, Hunter Delicatessen is the place to go. This local spot offers a variety of freshly made sandwiches, salads, and hot dishes that are perfect for a quick lunch or dinner on the go. The staff is friendly and accommodating, which makes it a great place to grab a bite with friends.

GONG CHA x POKE
Address: 925 Lexington Ave, New York, NY 10065 (between 68th and 69th street)
Discount: 10% discount with Hunter Student ID
Student review: "I recently started eating sushi and decided to give poke bowls a try; I come here every week now because I'm simply obsessed." — Nikole R., Sophomore, Psychology
Go-to order: 2 Protein Poke Bowl with Salmon and Tuna, Imitation Crab, Seaweed Salad, Pickled Radish, Masago, Spicy Mayo, and Tempura Flakes
Description: There's a high chance someone you know has gotten their bubble tea fix at the local Gong Cha across the street from Hunter. They also sell poke bowls where you can order off the menu or create your own. With a variety of fresh protein and toppings, Gong Cha offers healthy options at a more affordable cost compared to other poke bowl locations on the Upper East Side. Pro Tip: If you order a poke bowl, you get priority when paying and don't have to wait in the usually long line for bubble tea.
