SOURCE: CUNY Commons — For Students Portal
URL: https://forstudents.commons.gc.cuny.edu/

Hunter College has used media to keep students updated and make accessibility to webpages easier and more convenient. Instagram is one of the biggest platforms used by today’s society; through this platform information, and news are easily shared and travel much faster. Hunter College has multiple pages on instagram all organized by specific categories theres the main page, and other pages depending on what your looking into such as sports, majors, and current events going on.

Hunter College uses Instagram as a way to keep students updated and if you look into their bio you will see this link linktr.ee/huntercollege . Through this link, you are led to a website where all the information is separated into its categories so depending on what your looking all its information should be there or another link can and will be provided to help with students obtain the in formation they need. Hunter College instagram page is very reliable due to the constant updates and being easily accessible to students.

Even I have become dependent on Hunter College’s Instagram page due to its accessibility, especially the Hunter Human Biology page I’ve become reliant on this page due to all the information it provides on my major and how easily I can keep up to date with workshops and events that may be going on having to do with the Human Biology program.

Hunter College’s usage of Instagram is beneficial for all students even incoming freshmen cause it gives you a sense of what you may expect when coming to Hunter. And you’ll get to see what Hunter is about just by simply looking through these Instagram pages. 

As a college student, technology plays a significant role in your academic life. You have to rely extensively on your devices and the internet for everything from research and assignments to online classes and communication. But as anyone who has attended college is aware, technology isn’t always dependable. Knowing how to ask for and receive tech support when problems emerge can make a big difference. Fortunately for Hunter students all information regarding technology help can be found on the Hunter Information Technology website. They offer a variety of services here, including maintaining student accounts, gaining access to programs, protecting information, resolving technical issues and many more.

Although the Hunter Information technology website provides some extensive services, some students express discontent with the online services provided by the website. Delay in email replies is a regular complaint, with many students having to wait “at least 24 hours for a response” , says an anonymous student. Most of them by that time are feeling concerned and frustrated about their problems. It is clear that their online services should be more accommodating when it comes to students’ concerns. Some students, however, hold a different perspective. They argue that despite the lengthy email response times, the service offered by the information technology team is still good and frequently resolves issues within minutes of contact. Additionally, these students noted that this year’s record growth in the number of new freshmen must be taken into account. “Hunter college may not have expected this level in tech-related problems, so maybe they have been unable to handle the increased need for support,” says one anonymous student.

Moving on with their in-person services people tend to be more satisfied stating that their problems are solved significantly more effectively when they do so. In person interaction offers a direct response and a personal touch that are frequently missing from digital communication. Students value having direct conversation with experienced staff members who can address their questions and provide assistance and direction. This one-on-one engagement helps technical issues to be resolved more quickly and gives students a greater knowledge of the solutions offered. An anonymous student says, “ Their service was actually pretty good, went in to get my email fixed cause it wasn’t working and they got it done in a few seconds with nice service.” Another hunter student says,”I had to wait for a while to get my issues solved since there were a lot of people with the same problems but honestly I feel like it’s more worth it to actually fix it in person, it’s time saving. From the looks of it, it seems like students mostly prefer the in person experience over online mainly because of how time efficient it is.
Support options for technology resource center, Source: https://hunter.cuny.edu/information-technology/services/learning-resources/technology-resource-center/
Lab hours for technology resource center, Source: https://hunter.cuny.edu/information-technology/services/learning-resources/technology-resource-center/

In my personal experience I too prefer the in-person services that Hunter Information Technology Support provides. I visited Room 303 in the North Building during my first week of college to receive instruction on how to use Blackboard. The welcoming receptionist gave me a warm smile and asked me to sign in on a board. It took some time for someone to help me because there were a lot of students in line. Eventually, a tall guy approached me who was probably a student helping out due to a staff shortage. He gave me around ten minutes of his time to help me navigate Blackboard’s complexities. The help I received in person was quick and a lot simpler to understand. He manually explained the Blackboard features, which would have taken me more time to understand if I were to read through written instructions online or explore the website myself.

I recently made the decision to go back to the support desk to find out more about their services. I noticed the room was far less packed than it had been during my first week when I had arrived. I signed in as usual, and the staff named Ashley greeted me and asked what the matter was. I asked her regarding the services they offer. Ashley then went on to describe their main services, which included email support, Net ID support, help with Wi-Fi access for students without internet access, aid with the ONE card, CUNY First account, and assistance with those. They also handle supplemental name changes for students who get married or legally change their names. I asked her about their email response time, and Ashley clarified that they use a ticketing system called CUNY IT Help, where each email creates a ticket. She also addressed the longer wait times for responses, referring to extreme demand during the opening weeks, when 150–200 students a day were requesting tech support. Interestingly enough, they have just six people on their staff, thus it’s difficult to reply to everyone right away. Ashley advised going in person as they prefer walk-ins over tickets. I also asked Ashley whether they assist with fixing devices, to which she responded that they don’t handle the technical aspects but can assist with issues like password keychain problems or software malfunctions etc.

Living on campus. Isn’t that interesting. That’s something many can’t say they do going to a CUNY college. But it is most definitely possible. Which makes you wonder why somebody would. Most college students decided to go to cuny colleges for one of the simplest reasons being that it is super affordable for New York residents. Compared to going out of state or even up state, it’s definitely a money saver for sure. Also considering the fact that some students don’t want to leave home, have responsibilities at home, other personal reasons, and etc. Some students still find it hard to juggle commuting to school on a daily basis. Like me for example I’m a commuter student. It takes me one hour to get to school and one hour to get back home traveling from Brooklyn. While also going to work four times a week and the gym four times a week also. But I still manage to be able to do everything. But sometimes it’s a lot for students to handle, so they decide to dorm. And that’s why Hunter College offers dorms near the campus for students who need them. Considering the fact that about 25,000 students go to Hunter and these students come from all 5 boroughs and even outside of the boroughs also explains why we need them. This is a resource at hunter college that is what allows students to even get to go to school. They need a place to live and what better than one near their school.
What does living in a hunter college residence even offer students?

Living 20 minutes away from campus is definitely a big plus. Everyone loves getting those 20 minutes of extra sleep in the morning. But that can also give you more time to run to get breakfast in the morning. Maybe a quick workout session to get you moving. Give that time to yourself to make your day a little more productive and not feel like all your time is being taken away by commuting. Sitting in a train waiting for your stop to say “68th street, Hunter college.” But also living in the city? Come on now. That’s definitely an experience and a hell of a view also. Which continues into getting that college experience many college students go away to universities to get. But people seem to not realize that these dorms aren’t just hunter college students. But a variety of other Cuny colleges as well. Which leads you to meeting people from different schools and making amazing bonds and connections with unforgettable  memories.
Different residence options:

 They offer up to 23,000 hunter students the opportunity to get this dorm experience. It is highly competitive to get. But priority is only guaranteed to incoming macaulay honors freshmen, rising macaulay honors sophomores, and incoming freshmen gold/nursing scholars. If you aren’t a part of the priority list that’s okay! They have applications to apply also.  Hunter offers 3 locations of residence. One of them being the brookdale campus located on 425 East 25th Street, New York, NY 10010. . This residence price range is $7,170- $9,674 for the fall and spring semester only. So for one year. It consists of having a roommate and sharing the building with other college residences as well.  Another one being Midtown residence life being located in 569 lexington ave, new york,ny 10022. These are a little more pricey for the whole year starting from $12,350-$12,995. They still have a shared room with a roomie but have a more luxury aesthetic and are closer to the school. Last but not least we have hunters apartments. These are apartments you room from 3-6 people with. You get a whole apartment but have to live with others also.  Depending on the amount of rooms and bathrooms these apartments can range for the year from $15,591-$16,485 per person. These apartments will be located only a few blocks away at 334 E 79th St, New York, NY 10075. 3 different options to accommodate which their students feel is best for them. But one scary thing is that the residence price can change out of the blue. And Of course you have to be a student to get the opportunity to live in one. Living@Hunter, Hunter College, 2023,

    One of Midtown residence dorms
    https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic.wixstatic.com%2Fmedia%2F691a9d_f6af902758e9499e93d62dbd41a3d72f~mv2.jpg%2Fv1%2Ffill%2Fw_560%2Ch_304%2Cal_c%2Cq_80%2Cusm_0.66_1.00_0.01%2Cenc_auto%2F691a9d_f6af902758e9499e93d62dbd41a3d72f~mv2.jpg&tbnid=ElzCXEGwjSkdmM&vet=12ahUKEwith7q_zuGBAxXsF2IAHYpoBi0QMygJegQIARBG..i&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.foundstudy.com%2Fhuntermidtowneast&docid=Kgn7fuWz-rnPfM&w=560&h=304&q=hunter%20college%20housing&client=safari&ved=2ahUKEwith7q_zuGBAxXsF2IAHYpoBi0QMygJegQIARBG

Personal experience of a Hunter college student

I interviewed an incoming freshman. she told me her experience about dorming/deciding to dorm. She originally lives in a small town in Long island. The commute would have to be by train. Which will then continue to be about a 2 hours and 30 minutes commute just for her to get to school. Doing this multiple times a week didn’t seem practical to her. She hurd Hunter was an amazing school for STEM majors. So she took the sacrifice of deciding to dorm in the Brookdale campus. Another reason wanted to live in the hunter residences dorms is for the simple reason that she wanted to feel freedom of being on her own from her family. She said that this can give her the independence she has been lacking since she has always been provided with everything  from her parents. Being by yourself makes you build character and makes you grow as a person. This is one step closer for her to prepare herself for the future and what’s coming. One of the biggest struggles for her is missing her family and friends. They are so close but so far at the same time. Focusing on school and doing school activities makes her feel like she doesn’t have time for them. She still has been trying on the weekends. But her goal is to have mental reassurance in herself that she can handle what is coming next. Balancing everything at this time in her life. And this is a good place to start.Living in the brookdale campus she has a roommate who she is very close with. But at first it was  weird living with a random person. Now she has friends all over the building and feels more like home. Not having a curfew is a huge plus side when she wants to have a night out with her friends in the city. Brookdale campus does have a lot of nice studying spots which helps her get her work done when she feels like she can’t do it in her room. Which is how she met a lot of her friends also. Now they have study dates so they can be productive together. But she still doesn’t regret her choice of dorming.